Rockets are coming in closer and closer
all the time this neighborhood's being
hit every few seconds we can see damage
up the road
here and no people at
all so where we were just now is
literally around the corner there and
there was a pretty intense barrage going
on it seems to have gone quiet now we
can still hear the drones overhead and
we got to be ready for the possibility
that shelling could start again very
soon in that direction the streets are
completely deserted but the further over
this way you go the more you find people
are on the streets in that direction
you're getting closer to Gaza City where
things are relatively safe further over
here is sh that's the area that was
being heavily bombarded yesterday that
was pretty much evacuated we saw the
people streaming out
yesterday but we're not quite sure what
the focus of Israeli activity is today
just
yet this man here doesn't want to be
identified but he's got a piece here of
shrapnel that's from some kind of
artillery round or rocket of the sort
that have been coming in quite a lot in
the last few
minutes so what that woman was saying is
really typical of the situation of an
awful lot of people here in Gaza at the
moment
her home was in a dangerous area so she
and her kids fled to a un School the UN
says more than 80,000 people are now
Sheltering in its facilities but she
found that at the school the conditions
were really bad so she tried to go back
home to pick up some possessions and
maybe some food but she found it was too
dangerous to go back home so she now
she's on her way back to the UN school
people are just going this way and that
throughout this dangerous area trying as
best they can to
survive